Minor changes in blacklisting nouveau (#19)
sethgoldin/install-davinci-resolve-centos: README.md

		```# chmod +x NVIDIA-Linux-x86_64-440.44.run```
	1. Blacklist the nouveau module:
		

> 		Create a file at `/usr/lib/modprobe.d/blacklist-nouveau.conf` with the following contents:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 		Create a file at `/etc/modprobe.d/blacklist-nouveau.conf` with the following contents:
```
